Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar and Controller — Rock Band 3
Source: ManualsLib manual 1066813 (text extracted from HTML viewer)
========================================================================

--- Page 1 ---
The world's first electric guitar that's also
an officially licensed Rock Band™ 3 video
game controller
• Compatible with the Pro mode of all
Rock Band™ 3 game systems when used with the
Mad Catz® MIDI PRO-Adaptor™ (sold separately)
• Position-sensing fingerboard turns your
gameplay into real musical performances
• Use as a MIDI controller with
your favorite sequencer and
recording software
Gameplay with Rock Band™ 3 requires
Mad Catz® MIDI PRO-Adaptor™
(sold separately)
--- Page 2 ---
2
Introduction
3
Features
4
Video Game and MIDI Connections
5
Guitar Amp Connection and Use
6
Video Game and Midi Use
9
FAQ/Problems and Solutions
11
Proper Care
11
Proper Setup
15
Service/Warranty
--- Page 3 ---
Congratulations
on your purchase of the Squier® by Fender® Stratocaster® Guitar and
Controller.
Fender, the name synonymous with rock 'n' roll, brings you the world's first electric guitar that
is also an officially licensed Rock Band™ 3 video game controller. Blending state-of-the-art
gaming and guitar technology with the authenticity of Fender design and engineering, the
Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar and Controller is created for musicians and gamers alike
and rocks both worlds—whether plugged into a guitar amp or into a video game console.
Designed for the Rock Band™ 3 Pro mode, your new Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar
and Controller elevates the gaming experience to the level of real music making by letting
you play the actual notes and chords to your favorite songs while racking up high scores.
Its position-sensing fingerboard responds to your touch, turning your gameplay into real
performances.
The Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar and Controller is a full-size electric guitar loaded with
quality features such as a contoured wood body, maple neck, steel strings, enclosed tuners,
adjustable bridge and custom bridge pickup. Plug into your favorite guitar amplifier and turn it
up, or use it as a MIDI controller in your home recording studio.
If you're not already a guitarist, you soon will be. If you're already a guitarist, you'll be a better
one. The Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar and Controller is compatible with the Wii™,
Xbox 360™ and PlayStation™ 3 systems. When used as a controller for Rock Band™ 3, the Mad
Catz® MIDI PRO-Adaptor™ (sold separately) is required. Be sure to get the proper adaptor for
your console.
In this manual, you'll find an overview of your Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar and
Controller's features, use as a guitar, use as a game controller, general care, and service and
warranty information.
So read on, and remember: Don't just play games—play guitar.
[18]
[2]
--- Page 4 ---
Squier® by Fender® Stratocaster®
Guitar and Controller
Enclosed Tuners
Headstock
Rock Band™ 3 MIDI PRO-ADAPTER for Wii™
Mad Catz® SKU# RB3 96071
Rock Band™ 3 MIDI PRO-ADAPTER for Xbox 360™
Neck and 22-fret
Mad Catz® SKU# RB3 98071
position-sensing
Rock Band™ 3 MIDI PRO-ADAPTER for PlayStation® 3
fingerboard
Mad Catz® SKU# Sku RB3 97071
Mad Catz® MIDI PRO-Adaptor™
REQUIRED FOR GAMEPLAY
SOLD SEPERATELY BY MAD CATZ®
On/Off Switch
Battery Compartment
(3 AA batteries included)
Truss Rod
Adjustment
Strap Button
(side of neck)
Green Button
Red Button
BACK OF GUITAR
Yellow Button
Blue Button
String Mute
Back Button
Pickguard
Volume Knob
Pickup
Start Button
Indicator LEDs
Contoured Body
4-way Navigation
Adjustable Bridge
pad
5-Pin MIDI connector
(side of body)
[3]
[17]
Recessed 1/4" Output Jack
Strap Button
--- Page 5 ---
Rock Band™ 3 Gameplay
When used for Rock Band™ 3 Pro mode gameplay, the Squier® by Fender® Stratocaster®
Guitar and Controller connects to your Wii™, Xbox 360™ or PlayStation™ 3 video game
console using the Mad Catz® MIDI PRO-Adaptor™ (sold separately).
The diagram below illustrates the proper connection to the gaming system:
Guitar to Mad Catz® MIDI PRO-Adaptor™
(sold separately)
Use as a MIDI controller
To use the Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar and Controller as a MIDI controller for
sequencers and recording software, the diagram below illustrates proper connection:
Guitar MIDI connector
Guitar to MIDI controller to laptop computer
[18]
[4]
--- Page 6 ---
In addition to gameplay and MIDI use, what makes your Squier® by Fender® Stratocaster®
Guitar and Controller so revolutionary is that it's also a fully functional electric guitar that can
be played on its own through any guitar amplifier.
Simply plug one end of a standard guitar cable into the Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar
and Controller's recessed ¼" output jack, and plug the other end into the amplifier, just as you
would with any electric guitar (see the diagram below).
Guitar to Amp Connection
When played through a guitar amplifier, it is not necessary to engage the string mute or to turn
the Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar and Controller on using the rear power switch. Just
plug it in, turn it up and start playing.
[5]
[17]
--- Page 7 ---
Rock Band™ 3 Gameplay
To use the Squier® by Fender® Stratocaster® Guitar and Controller with Rock Band™ 3, please
refer to the Rock Band™ 3 user manual and Mad Catz® MIDI PRO-Adaptor™ instructions. Note
that for Rock Band™ 3 gameplay, the string mute should be engaged (by pressing on it so
that it pops up and dampens the strings), and the Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar and
Controller must be turned on via the rear power switch.
MIDI Use
In addition to Rock Band™ 3 gameplay capability, the Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar
and Controller is MIDI-enabled, which means that it can be connected to MIDI synthesizers
and that it can be used for recording on a computer.
MODES
There are two modes of operation for MIDI use—NORMAL and SYNTH. Toggle between these
two modes using the Start button, located near the volume knob and closest to the strings.
In NORMAL mode, the Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar and Controller generates what
are called "MIDI note-on events," which means that a signal is produced when the strings are
strummed. NORMAL mode use is indicated by the illumination of the first of the four LEDs on the
pickguard, as seen in the diagram below:
1st LED ON
In SYNTH mode, the Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar and Controller generates what are
called "MIDI note-on/offs," which means that a signal is produced when the strings are fretted
and released (rather than strummed). SYNTH mode use is indicated by the blinking of the first
of the four LEDs on the pickguard, as seen in the diagram below:
1st LED BLINKING
[18]
[6]
--- Page 8 ---
PROGRAM CHANGES
The Green and Red buttons on the pickguard are used to send "program change up/down"
messages in order to change sounds. On startup, the default program is "27," which is the
general MIDI program for "Electric Guitar (clean)."
OCTAVE CHANGES
The Yellow and Blue buttons on the pickguard are used to transpose MIDI notes up or down by
one octave. On startup, the low E string is set to E2.
MIDI PITCHBEND
To toggle the MIDI pitchbend, first press and hold the Back Button and then press the Yellow
Button. The third of the 4 LEDs will illuminate to indicate Pitchbend is enabled (see diagram
below).
←
PRESS
+YELLOW WHEN 3rd LED IS ON
Pitchbend is controlled by the angle of the neck, as seen in the three diagrams below:
NECK STRAIGHT OUT (CC Value = 0)
NECK AT NORMAL POSITION (CC Value = 64)
NECK UP (CC Value = 127)
[7]
[17]
--- Page 9 ---
MIDI EXPRESSION CONTROL
To toggle the MIDI expression control, first press and hold the Back Button and then press the
Blue Button. The fourth of the 4 LEDs will illuminate to indicate Expression Control is enabled
(see diagram below).
←
PRESS
+BLUE WHEN 4th LED IS ON
Expression output is controlled by the angle of the Squier® by Fender® Stratocaster® Guitar
and Controller's body, as seen in the three diagrams below:
PICKUP DOWN
PICKUP PARALLEL TO PLAYER
PICKUP UP
(CC Value = 0)
(CC Value = 64)
(CC Value = 127)
MIDI PANIC
Simultaneously pressing the Start and Back buttons cancels all notes.
PRESS ← + → SIMULTANEOUSLY
[18]
[8]
--- Page 10 ---
Q: Is the Squier® by Fender® Stratocaster® Guitar and Controller compatible with Rock
Band™ 2 or The Beatles: Rock Band™?
A: No. It is only compatible with Rock Band™ 3.
Q: Can the Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar and Controller be used in the Standard
mode of Rock Band™ 3?
A: No. It can only be used in Pro mode to play guitar parts.
Q: Is the Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar and Controller wireless? How do I connect it to
Rock Band™ 3?
A: It is not wireless; it must be connected to a gaming console using the Mad Catz® MIDI
PRO-Adaptor™ required for your gaming system (see page 4 of this manual for connection
information).
Q: Do I need to properly tune the Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar and Controller in order
to play Rock Band™ 3?
A: No, but proper tuning is recommended nonetheless. If tuning is not possible, a good rule of
thumb is to simply tighten the strings so that they do not touch the frets.
Q: Should I use a guitar pick when playing Rock Band™ 3?
A: Yes. We recommend using a pick (sold separately) for best performance.
Q: Why does the Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar and Controller have a string mute? Do
I need to use it when playing Rock Band™ 3?
A: The string mute helps stabilize the signal sent to the game console. And yes, it should be
engaged when playing Rock Band™ 3.
Q: Should I engage the string mute when playing the Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar
and Controller through a guitar amp?
A: No.
Q: Can I connect the Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar and Controller to a guitar amp
while I'm using it to play Rock Band™ 3?
A: Yes, but if you disengage the string mute to get a better amp sound, you'll lose points in the
game.
Q: Can I bend notes when playing Rock Band™ 3?
A: You can, but bending notes is not recommended because the game won't properly detect
it.
Q: What are the four LEDs on the pickguard for?
A: They're used in MIDI mode to indicate various MIDI functions, such as Pitchbend and
Expression Control.
Q: How do I trigger Overdrive when playing Rock Band™ 3?
A: Overdrive is triggered by tilting the neck up, pressing the Back button or by pressing the
Overdrive button on the Mad Catz® MIDI PRO-Adaptor™.
Q: Will triggering Overdrive change the sound of the Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar
and Controller's audio output?
A: No. Triggering Overdrive is a Rock Band™ 3 function only.
[17]
[9]
--- Page 11 ---
PROBLEMS AND SOLUTIONS
Problem: The game doesn't recognize my Squier® by Fender® Stratocaster® Guitar and
Controller.
Solution: Make sure the Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar and Controller is properly
connected to the Mad Catz® MIDI PRO-Adaptor™, and that the Mad Catz® MIDI PRO-
Adaptor™ is properly connected to the game console.
Problem: My Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar and Controller shows up as a drum in the
game.
Solution: Make sure that the "Instrument Select Switch" on the Mad Catz® MIDI PRO-Adaptor™
is set to "G" for "guitar."
Problem: My Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar and Controller shows up as a keyboard in
the game.
Solution: Again, make sure that the "Instrument Select Switch" on the Mad Catz® MIDI PRO-
Adaptor™ is set to "G" for "guitar."
Problem: The game is asking for a microphone, but I don't want to be the singer.
Solution: This happens because when a stock controller is connected to the console, the
game will look for a microphone (the controller is used to adjust the vocalist's settings). Make
sure the Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar and Controller is properly connected to the Mad
Catz® MIDI PRO-Adaptor™, and that the Mad Catz® MIDI PRO-Adaptor™ is properly connected
to the game console.
Problem: The MIDI Input Indicator on the Mad Catz® MIDI PRO-Adaptor™ is flashing an
"S.O.S." message. Why?
Solution: This happens because the Mad Catz® MIDI PRO-Adaptor™ is recognizing the
absence of MIDI signal input. The message will stop as soon as the Squier by Fender
Stratocaster Guitar and Controller is connected.
Problem: When I pluck a string, sometimes the note does not score and my streak is broken.
Solution: Make sure the string mute is engaged and is properly dampening the strings.
Unmuted strings can miss notes and break gameplay streaks.
[10]
[18]
--- Page 12 ---
Proper Care of Your Squier® by Fender® Stratocaster® Guitar and Controller
Your Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar and Controller is precision-crafted to give you years
of exciting gameplay and musical enjoyment. As with all musical instruments—electric guitars
in particular—occasional maintenance will go a long way toward keeping it in great condition
for many years to come. Since your Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar and Controller works
as a fully functional electric guitar, here are a few tips for proper care:
•Keep it clean. Dirt, dust, sweat, skin oil, smoke and other accumulating impurities can
prematurely age a guitar's finish and hardware. Wipe the strings, neck, fretboard and
bridge often with a lint-free cloth. Do not use liquid cleaners on the neck and fretboard,
since liquids can adversely affect the performance of electronic components housed
in the neck. Use Fender-approved polish on the finished surfaces, and wipe other
metal parts clean using a soft, dry polishing cloth (visit www.fender.com to find products
to do this with).
•Tighten the strap buttons. Strap buttons can and do loosen. Untreated, this can cause
problems, so tighten them with a screwdriver every so often.
•Avoid extreme weather. Extremes of temperature and humidity can damage the
Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar and Controller as they would
damage any musical instrument. If such exposure can't be helped, however, loosen the
strings to minimize harmful effects.
•Prolong battery life. When the Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar and Controller
is not being used for gameplay, leave its on/off switch on the back in the off position.
When finished with gameplay, remember to return this switch to the off position. Also, as
noted earlier, it is not necessary to turn the switch on when playing through a
guitar amplifier.
Proper Setup for Your Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar and Controller
Your Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar and Controller works as a fully functional electric
guitar. It's worth noting here that electric guitars are machines, and as such they benefit from
and occasionally require periodic setup adjustments in order to maintain peak performance.
Please feel free to familiarize yourself with several of the adjustments listed here regarding
strings, tuning, truss rod adjustment, bridge adjustments (string height and intonation) and
pickup height.
STRINGS
The Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar and Controller is designed for use only with strings of
.009 to .042 gauge. Heavier strings may damage the instrument. The warranty is void if strings of
a heavier gauge than .009 to .042 are installed.
The Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar and Controller is designed for use only with nickel-
plated steel strings. Pure nickel and stainless steel strings will not have good tracking results
[17]
[11]
and should not be used. For optimum tracking results, use only Fender 250 nickel-plated
--- Page 13 ---
steel strings, gauges .009 to .042 (part number 073-0250-403). There is no better, faster and
easier way to reinvigorate the sound of an electric guitar than by simply changing the strings.
It's easy to tell when strings are old, worn or dirty, because they'll sound dull and lifeless, look
corroded, and feel rough to the touch. The electrical conductivity of the Squier® by Fender®
Stratocaster® Guitar and Controller's strings can be compromised when they accumulate
excessive dirt or wear. You might also find that gameplay can be affected by inaccurate
tracking, and that some notes will be missed or dropped.
To ensure top performance from your Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar and Controller,
make sure to change your strings on a regular basis. See your Fender dealer to purchase
replacement Fender nickel-plated steel strings.
TUNING
Tuning the strings of the Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar and Controller isn't strictly
necessary for gameplay, although it is recommended. Tuning is necessary, however, when
playing it through an amplifier.
Tuning is easily accomplished using an electronic tuner, which you might want to purchase
(many are small and inexpensive). Simply plug the Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar and
Controller into an electronic tuner and tune up as you would with any electric guitar. With the
volume all the way up, pluck an open string or its 12th-fret harmonic to produce the clearest
tone for the tuner (a harmonic is a chime-like tone produced by lightly touching the string at
specific points with a fretting hand fingertip and plucking the string with the other hand; the 12th
fret harmonic is used for tuning). Note that pressing down too hard with the fretting hand will
"choke" the string and mute the sound. With a little practice, however, the light touch needed
to sound the harmonic tone is easily developed.
TRUSS ROD ADJUSTMENT
The truss rod is the unseen device inside the neck of a guitar that counteracts the bending force
caused by string tension and maintains proper neck "relief" (curvature). A properly adjusted
neck will have a moderate amount of relief in order to accommodate the vibration of the
strings. See diagrams below.
To measure neck relief, two tools are needed—a capo (a small movable bar placed across
the fingerboard of a guitar or similar instrument so as to raise the pitch of all the strings
uniformly) and a set of automotive feeler gauges (.002-.025). The amount of relief is determined
by fixing the capo to the first fret, fretting the low E string at the last fret and measuring the
distance from the bottom of the low E string to the top of the eighth fret (the fret wire itself, not
the fingerboard) using the feeler gauges. This distance should be about .010". Further, when
sighting down the neck from the body end toward the headstock, you should be able to see
if the neck is straight or bowed. If there is too much relief or none at all, the truss rod should be
adjusted.
Your new Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar and Controller has a unique hex nut truss rod
adjustment mechanism, easily accessible through the small hole in the side of the neck just
below the 20th fret (see diagram below).
[12]
[18]
--- Page 14 ---
Truss Rod Adjustment
If the neck is too concave, insert the 3mm hex wrench supplied with the Squier® by Fender®
Stratocaster® Guitar and Controller into the hex nut and turn it toward the battery holder,
clockwise a quarter-turn at a time until the relief is correct. If the neck is too convex, insert
the 3mm hex wrench into the hex nut and turn it toward the headstock, counter-clockwise a
quarter-turn at a time until the relief is correct (see diagrams below). You can double check
your adjustments by measuring the eighth-fret gap again with the feeler gauges and by
sighting down the neck again.
Convex Neck Relief
Concave Neck Relief
If you meet excessive resistance or if you're simply not comfortable performing these
measurements and adjustments yourself, you can always take your Squier by Fender
Stratocaster Guitar and Controller to your Fender dealer for assistance.
BRIDGE ADJUSTMENTS (STRING HEIGHT AND INTONATION)
The bridge is where the strings are attached to the body end of the Squier by Fender
Stratocaster Guitar and Controller, as is the case with all electric guitars. Two important
adjustments can be made at the bridge—string height and intonation.
String height is mostly a matter of personal preference, although a distance of about 4/64"
(1.6 mm) from the bottom of each string to the top of the 17th fret is recommended when the
instrument is more or less in tune. This distance can be measured using a small ruler with 1/64"
increments. The individual bridge saddles are easily adjusted up or down using the included
small hex wrench.
Please note that string height and pickup height are factory-set for optimal performance; if
you change string height significantly, pickup height must also be reset (see "Pickup Height"
below).
"Intonation" refers to a precise series of measurements regarding proper string length and
how accurately each string plays in tune along the entire length of the neck. The intonation
on your Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar and Controller is factory-set and, under normal
[13]
--- Page 15 ---
circumstances, shouldn't require adjustment. As strings age, however, their intonation can
deteriorate—if your Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar and Controller doesn't play in tune,
start by installing a fresh set of strings. If tuning problems persist, please visit www.fender.com/
support or contact your Fender dealer.
PICKUP HEIGHT
The pickup height of your Squier® by Fender® Stratocaster® Guitar and Controller is factory-
set for maximum sensitivity for Rock Band™ 3 gameplay. As previously noted, significant string
height changes will require pickup height adjustment.
To determine and properly adjust pickup height, fret the low E string at the 22nd fret and
measure from the top of the pickup to the bottom of the string using a small ruler with 1/64"
increments; the distance should be no more than 1/16" (1.6 mm). Repeat this measurement
for the high E string. To raise the pickup accordingly, simply turn the two Philips-head screws on
either side of the pickup clockwise. To lower the pickup, turn the screws counterclockwise.
[14]
--- Page 16 ---
SERVICE
For service in the United States and Canada, please contact an Authorized Fender Service
Center, which you can find by calling our Fender Consumer Relations Department
(480.596.7195), emailing consumerrelations@fender.com or using the "Service Center
Finder" link on the "Support" section of www.fender.com.
For service outside the United States and Canada, please contact your authorized dealer or the
Fender distributor in your country or region—there's a helpful global "International Distributor"
link on the "Resources" section of www.fender.com.
SQUIER® by FENDER® STRATOCASTER® GUITAR and CONTROLLER
1-YEAR LIMITED WARRANTY
Fender Musical Instruments Corporation ("FMIC") warrants this Squier by Fender Stratocaster
Guitar and Controller to be free from defects in materials and workmanship if used under
normal operating conditions for a period of one (1) year from the date of original purchase,
except that cables and any other included accessory products are warranted for a period
of ninety (90) days from date of purchase. This warranty applies only to the original retail
purchaser when this instrument is purchased from an Authorized Squier Dealer and is subject
to the limitations set forth herein. IMPORTANT: PLEASE RETAIN YOUR ORIGINAL SALES RECEIPT,
AS IT IS YOUR PROOF OF PURCHASE VALIDATING THIS LIMITED WARRANTY.
Should a defect in parts or workmanship occur in any component of the Squier by Fender
Stratocaster Guitar and Controller, return the product to the Authorized Squier Dealer from
whom it was purchased, with your sales receipt as proof of purchase, during the applicable
warranty period. Defective products that qualify for coverage under this warranty will be
repaired or replaced with a like or comparable model (at Fender's discretion), without charge,
by the Dealer.
All transportation costs, including freight and insurance charges, associated with obtaining
warranty service and repairs on Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar and Controller
instruments are the responsibility of the purchaser, as is any service initiated for the purpose of
customizing adjustments beyond factory specifications. Initial standard setup and adjustment
of the instrument and its components at the time of purchase are considered normal dealer
preparation.
The Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar and Controller is designed for use only with strings of
.009 to .042 gauge. Heavier gauge strings may cause damage to the instrument. This warranty is
void if strings of a heavier gauge than .009 to .042 are installed.
[15]
--- Page 17 ---
LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS
The following items are not covered by this warranty.
1. Damage to the Squier® by Fender® Stratocaster® Guitar and Controller caused by
the use of strings heavier than .009 to .042 gauge.
2. Fret wear, saddle wear, nut wear, strings and batteries.
3. Setups, adjustments or routine maintenance of any kind.
4. Damage to finishes or cracks, splitting, or warpage of wood due to changes in
temperature or humidity, exposure to or contact with sun, fire, moisture, body salts and
acids of perspiration, gig bags, guitar straps, guitar stands/hangers made from
vinyl, plastic, rubber or other synthetic materials, any other chemicals or non-FMIC-
approved polishes.
5. Damage, corrosion or rusting of any hardware components caused by humidity, salty
air, or exposure to the moisture, body salts and acids of perspiration.
6. Any damage to an instrument resulting from customization or modification.
7. Normal wear and tear on any part of the Squier by Fender Stratocaster Guitar and
Controller, including jacks, controls, switches, plated surfaces, tuning machines,
pickguards, hardware etc.
8. All other damage and deterioration due to normal usage, wear and tear, aging,
accidents, neglect, abuse, or Acts of Nature.
9. Any instrument, whose serial number is missing, altered or tampered with in any
fashion.
10. Any instrument purchased from anyone other than an Authorized Squier® Dealer.
11. Instruments that have been serviced by unauthorized persons (any person other than
an FMIC Certified Technician at an Authorized FMIC Service Center).
FMIC ASSUMES NO LIABILITY FOR PROPERTY DAMAGE RESULTING FROM FAILURE OF THIS
PRODUCT NOR ANY LOSS OF INCOME, SATISFACTION, OR DAMAGES ARISING FROM THE LOSS
OF USE OF SAME DUE TO DEFECTS OR AVAILABILITY OF SAME DURING SERVICE.
Any warranties implied by law (including warranties of merchantability or fitness) are limited
to the duration of this express limited warranty. Some states do not allow limitations on how
long an implied warranty lasts, so the above limitations may not apply to you. Some states do
not allow the exclusion or limitations of incidental or consequential damages, so the above
limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. This warranty gives you specific legal rights, and
you may also have other rights which vary from state to state.
WARRANTIES STATED HEREIN ARE OFFERED ONLY BY FENDER MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS
CORPORATION AND NOT HARMONIX MUSIC SYSTEMS, INC. OR MTV NETWORKS, A DIVISION
OF VIACOM INTERNATIONAL INC. OR THEIR AFFILIATES.
[16]
--- Page 18 ---
NOTE: This warranty applies only to Squier® by Fender® Stratocaster® Guitar and Controller
and controller instruments purchased and serviced within the U.S.A. and Canada.
Warranties outside these countries are as defined by the authorized Fender Distributor for
your country or region, and may vary from the above in terms and/or length.
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device,
pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection
against harmful interference in a residential installation. This equipment generates, uses
and can radiate radio frequency energy and if not used in accordance with the instructions,
may cause harmful interference to radio communications and there is no guarantee that
interference will not occur in a particular installation. If this equipment does cause harmful
interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning the
equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more
of the following measures: reorient or relocate the receiving antenna, increase the separation
between the equipment and receiver, connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit
different from that of the receiver. Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician if
help is needed with interference.
NOTE: FMIC will not be responsible for unauthorized equipment modifications that could
violate FCC rules, and/ or void product safety certifications.
This warranty applies only to Fender instruments manufactured after January 1, 1998, and
purchased and serviced within the U.S.A. and Canada. Warranties outside these countries are
as defined by the authorized Fender Distributor for your country or region, and may vary from
the above in terms and/or length.
PR1186
Fender Musical Instruments Corp.
8860 East Chaparral Road, Suite 100
Scottsdale, Ariz. 85250-2610 U.S.A.
Phone: 480.596.9690
www.fender.com
© 2010 Fender Musical Instruments Corporation. All rights reserved. Fender®, SQUIER®,
STRATOCASTER®, and the distinctive headstock design commonly found on those guitars are
registered trademarks of Fender Musical Instruments Corporation.
© 2010 Harmonix Music Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Harmonix, Rock Band and all related
titles and logos are trademarks of Harmonix Music Systems, Inc., an MTV Networks company.
Rock Band, Rock Band 2, Rock Band 3, Rock Band Network, Green Day: Rock Band, The
Beatles: Rock Band and other related products and services developed by Harmonix Music
Systems, Inc. MTV: Music Television, MTV Games and all related titles and logos are trademarks
of MTV Networks, a division of Viacom International Inc. The Rock Band trademark is used under
license from Harmonix Music Systems, Inc., an MTV Networks company.
Mad Catz and the Mad Catz logo registered trademarks of Mad Catz, Inc.
Microsoft, Xbox, Xbox 360 and the Xbox logos are trademarks of the Microsoft group of
companies. PlayStation and PS3 are trademarks or registered trademarks of Sony Computer
Entertainment Inc. (SCEI). Nintendo and Wii are trademarks or registered trademarks of
Nintendo. This product is not sponsored, endorsed or approved by Microsoft, SCEI or Nintendo.
[17]
[17]
--- Page 19 ---
All other product names and images are trademarks or registered trademarks of their
respective owners. Made in China. All rights reserved.
Product features, appearance and specifications may be subject to change without notice.
Please retain this information for future reference.
US Patent No. 5,990,405
IMPORTADO POR: Instrumentos Musicales Fender S.A. de C.V., Calle Huerta # 132, Col. Carlos
Pacheco, C.P. 228890, Ensenada, Baja California, Mexico.
RFC: IMF870506R5A Hecho en Mexico. Servicio de Cliente: 001-8665045875
[18]
[18]
--- Page 20 ---
P/N 0081883000 Rev. B
© 2010 FENDER MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS CORP.
